Update broken links to commercetools docs (#1918)
commercetools/nodejs: packages/price-exporter/readme.md

# price-exporter

> Export [commercetools price](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/projects/products#price) from the commercetools platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Export [commercetools price](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/types#price) from the commercetools platform.
```
